Yaoyao, how are you?
Thank you Mr. Lu for your concern
But I'm busy now.
My car is here
Are you in a hurry to go to the hospital to find him?
What does this have to do with you?
You're mad at me?
What did Mr. Lu say?
What am I?
What qualifications do you have to give birth to a big man like you, dear?
Me and Su Xiao, we, you and Su Xiao
I don't care.
You really don't care?
Brother, don't worry, Yaoyao
Do you know
I didn't just come back to avenge my master
And
And you.
Brother, you are awake
You scared me to death!
Why did you suddenly rush out?
It's easy to get hurt like this, do you know?
Fortunately, the doctor said you are fine.
Fool is more hurt than me
I don't want to see you cry
If I knew, I wouldn't do any auditions
Xu goes to a Song Yuchuan
Where is it worth taking the risk?
If you really need something
Then what shall I do?
No demon
But
What do you mean?
how
Still want to marry me
It's not impossible